ENH: smtp_batch output alternative mails docs (#2501)
certtools/intelmq: CHANGELOG.md

#### Experts

#### Outputs
- `intelmq.bots.outputs.misp.output_feed`: Handle failures if saved current event wasn't saved or is incorrect (PR by Kamil Mankowski).

> - `intelmq.bots.outputs.smtp_batch.output`: Multiple alternative mails added to the docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `intelmq.bots.outputs.smtp_batch.output`: Documentation on multiple recipients added (PR#2501 by Edvard Rejthar).
```
